this is one of the most famous surfing
beaches in the world
right here right now
in Bali and the waves are so good
treacherous for me to get out in so this
is still that same Beach from another
angle
the waves are not go oh yes they are big
oh my god
the most gorgeous places on earth
so I've heard that monkey steal your
eyeglasses they've been trained
what else
you
we watching
here's another amazing beach on a to
that I am falling in love with so pretty
here all the surfers go one almost died
because he wasn't experienced enough
went out in the expert waves it's like
I'm gonna boogie board heart we are in a
cave
now with my favorite beaches
I'm doing a video
watsu beach favorite beach on
and my friend is pregnant
another favorite beach in delight ooh
I'm Bobby
my favorite beaches video